Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,<br>Love like you'll never be hurt,<br>Sing like there's nobody listening,<br>And live like it's heaven on earth.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Don’t walk in front of me… I may not follow. Don’t walk behind me… I may not lead. Walk beside me… just be my friend.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself...
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help them or concluded that you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
I think you should defend to the death their right to march, and then go down and meet them with baseball bats.
We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this. ... The world will little note nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or very bad acts.  All depends on the principals which direct them.
I have had dreams, and I have had nightmares. I overcame the nightmares because of my dreams.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
I think, therefore I am.
To be, or not to be: that is the question.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.
Spread love everywhere you go.


